The train was hit
just as it was about to exit the tunnel.
Five to eight carriages derailed
outside the tunnel.
But three of the carriages
are still stuck inside.
You instructed them to rescue
the carriages outside the tunnel first.
What about the carriages
stuck inside the tunnel?
Are you saying
we should sacrifice those people?
Was the decision made
after careful consideration?
-Please explain.
-How would you explain to their families?
Our on-site rescue capabilities
are very limited.
Injured passengers outside the tunnel
were given priority for rescue.
I'm sorry.
We're not heroes.
DEATH TOLL CONTINUES TO RISE,
SOME STILL TRAPPED IN THE TUNNEL
We can only choose to save the majority.
Hurry up.
Hurry!
Move to the sides!
Hurry up!
Captain.
What the hell?
Why isn't the evacuation done yet?
-Hurry up.
-Go both ways!
Get out.
Explosives were found
inside the cinema during a screening.
The phone just kept ringing.
Why is the robot out here?
The aisles are too narrow.
The robot couldn't fit through,
so A-Ren said he'd go in first.
A-Ren, report the situation.
It's been a while
since I've watched a movie.
I want you to focus.
Then I want you to relax a little.
The X-ray machine is in position.
Ready to scan.
I can see the image.
You should get out now.
Three and a half minutes left.
Looks like it's not letting me go.
It can only be dismantled on site.
Song Kang-Ren,
how many times do I have to tell you?
We are
the Explosive Ordnance Disposal Team.
Follow the procedure and get out now.
I can't find the detonator here.
Can you see it on the screen?
The detonator is
probably hidden in that box.
There are only three minutes left.
Damn it.
Has everyone been evacuated
from the cinema?
Almost. We're still checking
if there's anyone left.
Can you tell if it's motion-sensitive?
I'm not planning to move it.
And there's a high probability
that it's shear resistant.
A-Ren, if you're not sure, just get out.
There's still enough time.
I'll make it in time.
This one's basic.
I can finish it in a minute.
-Tell everyone to clear the area now.
-Okay.
Let's go.
What the hell? Why are there still people?
-Evacuate them all quickly. Hurry up!
-Don't worry.
You're not in range.
It smells like fuel.
It's not TNT. It's ammonium nitrate.
A regulated explosive.
The bomber must have training
in demolition.
Can you find the detonator wire?
Several wires are
deliberately tangled together.
It will take too much time
to unravel everything.
I'll just look for
the timer's power supply directly.
The timer is speeding up.
A-Ren, report status.
I'm fine.
Captain, were you scared?
Damn it.
If something happens to you,
how would I explain it to Huang Xin?
That's not possible.
Speaking of that…
Captain, will you give a speech
at my wedding?
Your daughter can be the flower girl too.
I thought you wouldn't do one.
Well…
You should've seen my mom's face
when I said no ceremony.
Okay. If everything
seems all right, let's go.
Then write up a report.
So, are you coming to my wedding or not?
Do you really want a divorcee
giving a speech?
ACCEPT, DECLINE
A-Ren, what's wrong?
Hurry up.
Hurry up!
Move to both sides!
A-Ren.
Shan!
DETECTIVE
I couldn't save everyone.
I didn't save everyone.
At least you're still alive.
At least you're alive.
Xiao Kai!
-Xiao Kai!
-That's all for the weather report.
Let's go back three years
to the double bombing cases
that shocked Taiwan.
At that time, suspect Lai Bing-Cheng
placed two bombs
in a department store and a movie theater,
which ultimately led
to the deaths of 26 people
and caused hundreds of injuries.
The suspect, Lai Bing-Cheng,
died on the spot in the explosion.
A third-anniversary memorial service
will be held in Taipei tonight.
Good evening, passengers.
Thank you for taking Train 115.
The final destination of this train
is Kaohsiung.
During the trip…
Can we book this restaurant
for Mom's birthday?
This one? Forget it.
Why?
You didn't even look at it seriously.
Yes, I checked this one.
It's more suitable for a wedding.
I'm talking about Mom's birthday.
What wedding?
Our wedding ceremony.
It's okay if you don't want to.
I still owe you a wedding ceremony.
It has been delayed for three years.
Let's not attend
the memorial service next year.
I'm warning you.
Don't tell Mom.
We'll plan the wedding,
the procedure, and everything ourselves.
Of course.
Otherwise, she'll definitely rent out
the entire street for the wedding banquet.
-I don't want that.
-Me neither.
I've looked up honeymoon places too.
See where you want to go.
I'll send them to you.
So you've decided
on the honeymoon location?
I don't recommend joining a tour group.
Travel independently.
This has been delayed for three years.
No one knows you're married.
Don't worry.
Let's have a ceremony up north.
Once you come back,
we'll have one in the south, okay?
Okay, I'll discuss it with you later.
You should discuss it with me.
I didn't know my son was so loyal.
Goodness.
You didn't even tell me
you quit the police force.
I doubt you'll discuss it with me.
Mom.
A-Ren meant we'd ask
my mom's opinion first.
Don't worry.
Fortunately, I have you
to be the bridge between us.
Otherwise, even though
we're just one chair apart right now,
I almost called him.
Hello.
Sorry to disturb you.
I saw you were sleeping.
It's my first time
attending the memorial service.
This is my business card.
Hello.
I have a fruit and vegetable market
in Kaohsiung.
I'm the vice president.
I've always wanted to say thank you.
My daughter happened to be
at the cinema that day too.
GUAM 6-DAY TOUR
NORTHERN EUROPE 14-DAY TOUR
JAPAN 6-DAY TOUR
PICK A PLACE FOR OUR HONEYMOON.
WE CAN DO THE REST LATER!
IT'S SO HARD TO CHOOSE. I LIKE THEM ALL.
INCOMING CALL FROM LI JIE
It's the director again.
When the incident happened,
she called me again.
Then it went silent.
I often think that
if I had a choice, I would…
I would sacrifice my own life for hers.
I often visit places we went together.
I went to the places she had always
wanted to go but never got to.
My mom used to tell me
-not to be sad about what had happened.
-It's the third year.
-I thought you wouldn't come.
-So…
I'm only sad one day every year now.
That's today.
Let's eat something together
after the memorial service.
That's okay.
The organizer has booked
everyone's train tickets.
I need to take my mom back.
The Bureau is considering promoting me
to deputy director.
Are you really not considering
coming back to help me?
Congratulations.
There have been rumors
about explosives recently.
It's none of my business anymore.
A-Ren.
You clearly know what happened back then.
No matter what we do,
we can't save everyone's lives.
I'm a victim too.
It's just a club owned
by a friend of mine.
And I happened to be sitting next to her.
Just let those parents say
whatever they want.
Wait until the academic test results
are released.
They'll still rush to sign up
for my tutoring class.
LIU KAI SEEMED TO BE ENJOYING
HIS TIME WITH THE BUSTY GIRL
Why wouldn't I want to explain it?
She won't answer my calls.
-Otherwise, why would I be on this train?
-Excuse me.
Gin Soda. Thank you.
We don't have Gin Soda.
Sorry, I apologize.
Please lower your voice
because it's disturbing other passengers.
Excuse me.
Withdraw investment?
Withdraw what? That's ridiculous.
I know you're worried.
What divorce? There will be no divorce.
I'm telling you.
Let me explain to her first.
Otherwise, tomorrow's tutoring class…
Today, the families of the victims
and nearly a hundred survivors
returned to the scene of the incident
to hold a memorial service.
The bomb disposal hero, Song Kang-Ren…
Calling him a bomb disposal hero.
That's ridiculous.
So many people died.
Hero?
That's absurd.
Captain.
I didn't have the chance to tell you
about this fruit at the memorial service--
Sorry, I'm looking for someone.
Well…
A-Ren.
There's a situation.
Can we talk privately?
OCCUPIED
VACANT
What's the situation?
Is something counting down?
The direct train from Taipei
to Kaohsiung takes 96 minutes.
It takes 88 minutes from Banqiao.
We just passed Taoyuan.
There are 74 minutes remaining.
Help me confirm
if there are any bombs on the train.
You should stop the train
and let everyone evacuate.
Didn't you report it to the Bureau?
I mentioned it, but it's probably a prank.
My mom and Huang Xin are on the train.
If you don't stop the train,
I'll make a public announcement.
My friend, you know how many prank texts
I've dealt with over the years.
Last time, the MRT had a false alarm.
-If I overreact to every text--
-Director.
If you think it's a prank,
why would you come to me?
I received this text first.
I received the countdown text
after I got on the train.
GET ON TRAIN 115
IF YOU DON'T WANT YOUR SECRET EXPOSED
What was that sound just now?
DON'T STOP THE TRAIN
OR IT WILL BE LIKE THREE YEARS AGO
Have you traced the number?
I can't find it.
Only you can help me deal
with this situation.
A-Ren, you said it yourself.
Your family is on the train.
73 MINUTES
72 MINUTES
-You…
-How do I know? Maybe…
I'm starving.
Don't stare at him. It's rude.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
Bomb threat.
Some of the family members attending
the memorial service are on this train.
-Could it be--
-But Lai Bing-Cheng is already dead.
Or a copycat?
Let's see how Li Jie handles it first.
I can help.
Good evening, passengers.
A missing item has been reported.
If you find any unknown luggage,
package, or object around,
please do not touch or move it.
Please notify the attendant immediately.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Conductor, how many trains
are still in operation?
Four units left.
Two units each in the north and south.
Has the source of the text been traced?
Not yet.
There might not be enough time
to trace it before we arrive.
Are we really not going
to inform the passengers first?
It's not necessary.
Telling them now will only cause panic.
It won't be helpful.
Let me introduce. This is Song Kang-Ren.
He has extensive experience
in explosive ordnance disposal.
This is Police Officer Huang Xin
from Detective Team Two.
Follow her orders. Thank you.
Come with me.
Spread out from here and search through
the front and back of the train.
Especially suitcases and handbags
with any strange lines or drilled holes,
report immediately.
This is our seating system.
You can see the types of passengers.
Oranges are children's tickets.
Blues are commuter tickets.
Circle passengers who boarded alone
and paid cash for their tickets.
The probability of a terrorist attack
in Taiwan is slim.
They're mostly lone wolves.
Okay, understood.
Do you think the bomber is on the train?
Why do you ask?
Lai Bing-Cheng blew himself up
in a department store back then.
So who's sending the threatening messages?
How do they know
about what happened three years ago?
The most important thing now is to ensure
there are no bombs on the train.
Your call will be forwarded to voicemail.
Honey, I know you're still angry with me,
but I won't talk
about the nightclub incident anymore.
There's a situation here.
When you get this message,
call me right away.
Please. It's urgent.
He doesn't know I've seen it.
I'm not trying to burst the bubble.
He's just really stupid. Wait.
The ring is poorly hidden.
There's even a cheat sheet.
Seven o'clock.
Be at the beach
before seven o'clock, okay?
Come on, stop laughing.
No. Anyway…
No, that's not dancing. That's afterward.
Wait. Anyway, wait for my signal.
DID YOU THINK YOUR SON
WAS THE HERO WHO DEFUSED THE BOMB?
HE LEFT THE FORCE
BECAUSE OF A TERRIBLE SECRET
Your call will be forwarded to voicemail.
This call will be charged after the beep.
COME TO CARRIAGE 3 AND I WILL TELL YOU…
THE REASON HE HIDES AT HOME
Hey, are you looking for something?
No.
I know what you're looking for.
I don't understand what you're saying.
I know there's a bomb on the train.
Are you sure
you want to continue to interfere?
I just want to help. I can help you.
-That hurts.
-Get in.
-Tell him to let go. It hurts.
-Okay, let him go.
Let go.
It's not good for other passengers
to hear him making such noise.
What's going on?
He eavesdropped on us.
-He kept disturbing me in the carriage.
-I didn't…
Not again. Wait.
Speak! What did you hear?
Gosh, you were talking too loudly.
I just want to help you.
There's no need to cuff me.
So, is there really a bomb on the train?
Hey, are you thugs? Not the cell phone.
-My wife will call later.
-Stand still!
Are you a police officer or a thug?
Give me my phone.
I'm going to call my lawyer.
I'm going to sue you two.
Is this your business card?
"Liu Kai Physics, God of Physics."
Yeah, that's me.
What's this?
Hey. Don't play like that.
It will dry up.
A-Ren, go outside and leave this to me.
Tell me the truth. Did you send the texts?
What texts?
What's this invisible seal for?
Is this a secret code
between you and your accomplice?
Come on. Are you framing me to shut me up?
This is a nightclub seal.
You're a detective.
How could you have never seen
a nightclub seal before?
It's the nightclub
where I was secretly photographed.
I just borrowed their admission stamp
and gave it to my students.
So admission is free for everyone.
It's 699 dollars per person.
Okay. I'm warning you.
If you're the one causing panic
to all the passengers on the train,
it won't be as simple
as being handcuffed here.
Seizure of evidence.
You just pleaded guilty to theft.
After we get off the train,
you're coming with me to the station.
Holy shit. I just said I borrowed it.
I borrowed it. I borrowed it from them.
I will give it back.
Officer.
Whose phone keeps ringing?
Please answer it.
Are you deaf?
No one is answering. It's so noisy.
-No manners at all.
-Who is it?
Mute it.
Whose is it?
Is it yours?
No, it comes from the top.
Over there.
Don't move!
There's a situation in Carriage 5.
Police. I'm here on official business.
Everyone, move to the side
and leave the car quickly!
Sir.
Sir, don't move.
Please don't shake the can.
Everyone, leave!
-Are you talking to me?
-Leave!
She's talking about you.
Don't move around.
What is this?
Please stay calm. Keep it stable.
Everyone, get out of the car! Quickly!
-Leave!
-My hand is shaking.
Sir.
Follow my instructions.
I want you to feel it.
Is the can light or heavy?
Stop watching.
-It's not very heavy.
-Leave!
Train attendants, help guide them.
Everyone, move to the passage.
WIFE
Hello?
Please call A-Hui for me.
You finally returned my call.
Did you get my message?
What message? Call him first for me.
Listen to me.
I don't have anything to explain.
My life may be in danger.
Call him for me now. I'm begging you. Now.
Get out of the way!
-Don't push.
-You can't enter.
Why can't I go there?
What if there's a bomb?
Take a look at it.
Are there any strange features on it?
Take your time.
EOD Team, get to Miaoli Station. Hurry up.
Be gentle.
Something's written here.
"Double bombing case.
Secrets that the police cannot reveal."
DIAL 0970367181
What secret?
What does that mean?
What does it mean? What secret?
Don't overreact.
Now, slowly squat down.
Gently put the can on the ground.
Be honest with me. Will this explode--
I won't harm you! Do as I say!
Come.
Honey, listen to me first.
There's a bomb on my train.
So don't go to your dad alone now.
I'll accompany you when it's safe, okay?
How did you know? Who told you?
Who else would you look for
when you go back to Kaohsiung?
Who told you there's a bomb on the train?
DIAL 0970367181
Put it down.
It's me…
Honey?
What was that sound?
What was that sound just now?
Explosion.
Department store explosion.
It exploded.
A-Ren.
Listen carefully.
Don't tell anyone
what happened here today.
Do you hear me?
Hello?
Who the hell are you? Hello?
False alarm. It's just a prank call.
Everyone, back to your seats. Hurry up!
Sorry, let me confirm.
Please be patient.
Sorry for causing trouble for everyone.
The situation has been cleared.
Please return to your seats now.
Have you seen Mom?
DID YOU THINK IT WAS OVER?
Mom, what are you doing here?
I went to the bathroom.
THANKS FOR DETONATING THE BOMB
What did you just do?
I just returned a call.
A-Ren, something happened
to the previous train going southbound.
Everyone, please move to the back.
Excuse me.
There's an emergency here. I'm sorry.
There's an emergency now.
Please, everyone.
Why is someone lying there?
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN? SO SCARY
Have you found a doctor?
The injured is not breathing!
One, two, three, four, five,
-The attendant is checking on her!
-six, seven,
eight, nine…
I'll take over.
Let go of me now.
My wife seems to be
on that southbound train.
Train 289, stop immediately.
The train is currently in the tunnel.
We will evacuate the passengers
after the train exits the tunnel.
Stopping in the tunnel is too risky.
A-Ren.
Did you hear that?
-Is this true?
-No, he's lying to you.
I'll take over.
That's my wife's keychain.
…24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30,
31, 32, 33…
The victim…
There's no sign of life.
Good evening, passengers.
Due to an accident with the train ahead,
this train will stop at Miaoli Station
to facilitate transport arrangements.
-We apologize for any inconvenience.
-Mom.
Don't worry about them.
It has nothing to do with you.
Just stay in your seat
and don't go anywhere.
Mom, hold on.
A-Ren.
So it's true. The train in front of us…
There was a bomb.
Why did you take your mom's phone?
The suspect texted Mom
to bomb another train.
We can't let her use the phone anymore.
Why is she the target?
Is it related to the recording we heard?
What is it that you can't tell me?
I can't explain it to you now.
Can you just trust me?
How long until the next stop
for Train 289?
The nearest station is Taichung Station.
Four minutes.
There's a viaduct near the tunnel exit.
People can evacuate there.
No, our team can't get in there.
Notify Taichung Station
to evacuate everyone at the station.
Let the train
enter the station to evacuate.
Get the EOD and the fire department
on standby at Taichung Station at once.
Why did the bomber have that recording?
Could he be Lai Bing-Cheng's accomplice?
Whether he is or not,
we have to catch him.
You don't want him
to threaten you forever, right?
When the time is right, let Huang Xin
take your mom to evacuate first.
We'll go to Taichung Station
to deal with the bomb.
This is the range of the blast.
About a meter around the bathroom.
There was no damage to the train's body.
Has the victim been identified?
It seems to be Liu Kai's wife,
Yang Ting-Juan.
I put him in the first aid room.
Police notification on Train 289.
A woman came forward
to inform of the location of the bomb.
Everyone, please move
to the next carriage.
Another passenger came forward
to identify the bomb.
Before the bathroom exploded,
a man and a woman
were having a verbal conflict.
She came forward while we were checking.
Stop filming!
I'm Yang Ting-Juan.
There's another bomb on the train.
The last row in Carriage 7.
Red suitcase.
What do you want?
What type of bomb is it?
Speak!
Police in 289,
keep an eye on Yang Ting-Juan.
Evacuate all passengers from the carriage.
Confirm the location of the bomb.
I know you don't have proper training,
but don't worry.
As long as you follow my instructions,
I will help you confirm
the type of bomb and its authenticity.
It will be resolved soon.
Liu Kai is her husband.
Pull up their information. Make it quick.
Can you get a better image?
It has been zoomed in to the max.
Don't be so nervous.
Many people have passed by
without incident.
I need you to get closer
so I can see the device clearly.
Police in 289, listen up.
Watch the explosives and do not leave.
Move other passengers
to the front and rear carriages.
Quickly!
Timer type.
But the format of the numbers is odd.
Hey, what did you find out?
Liu Kai had a record of assault
two years ago.
Both of them were related
to the bombing incident three years ago.
There's good news.
It's confirmed that the deceased
was not your wife, Yang Ting-Juan.
Are you sure?
No need to call. She was arrested.
Do you recall this suitcase?
Why did you arrest her?
Yang Ting-Juan voluntarily revealed
the location of another explosive.
It's in this suitcase.
That's not possible.
She'll never do such a thing.
We found out that your son was
a victim of the department store bombing
three years ago.
These past three years, Yang--
Why did you check on my son?
Who are you to check my past?
Your wife brought explosives
onto the train.
You have a physics
and engineering background,
with a record of involvement
in assault cases.
Of course we have to check.
That bastard said
he deserved to be blown up
because he went out in a typhoon.
What do you think I should've done?
He was just seven.
But your wife did bring explosives
onto the train.
If you think it's impossible,
please help us
find out who asked her to do this.
Help you?
Didn't I tell you in the beginning
that I wanted to help?
A passenger saw your wife
get into an argument
with a man with burns on his face.
Do you know who he could be?
The numbers on the bomb
are dropping rapidly for no reason.
Police in 289, report the situation.
It dropped to 5800.
Dear passengers,
this train will arrive in three minutes.
We will temporarily stop at Miaoli Station
to begin the evacuation.
Please take your belongings
and exit the train immediately.
After this train stops…
The train hasn't even stopped yet
and everyone is shoving around.
Did anyone approach the explosive?
No, the path was cleared.
Did the countdown suddenly speed up?
Yes, it was at a regular speed,
but it suddenly dropped rapidly.
5642.
It's dropping even faster than before.
What's going on now?
What's wrong?
Mom, let's get off the train first.
What about A-Ren?
Don't worry about him.
How long until Train 289 arrives?
One and a half minutes.
Speed 115, 5275.
That's not right.
If the train enters the station like this,
it may explode.
Speed 85, 4900.
Speed up
and let the train pass the station.
What are you talking about?
The numbers will count down faster
as the speed decreases and vice versa.
How confident are you?
Cars and motorcycles measure distance
and speed through tire rotations.
There may be
a device installed on the train.
There's no time to look for it now.
EOD Team is on site.
If the train doesn't stop,
we can't locate the bomb.
EOD is on standby at Taichung Station.
Stop the train!
The train can't stop.
What if he's right?
The train will explode
inside Taichung Station.
The text says the train can't stop.
We don't have time.
Train 289 can't stop.
Accelerate at full speed.
-What happened?
-It's not slowing down.
-No way.
-Why isn't it stopping?
The countdown is slowing down.
It's decreasing rapidly again.
It's suddenly decreasing rapidly again.
How could this be?
How is that possible?
Let's get this train back up
to full speed.
Full speed? So we're not stopping?
Yes! Speed up now!
What's going on?
Is it accelerating?
Damn it.
Two trains?
Neither train can stop.
If one stops,
it'll cause an explosion.
Neither can stop.
All we can do is to find
a way to defuse the bomb.
There's not enough time.
If we do it separately,
we have a higher chance of finding it.
Liu Kai.
Can you convince your wife
to hand over the detonator?
A-Ren.
What are you planning?
50 MINUTES
49 MINUTES
Good evening, passengers.
Due to the severe weather
from the typhoon,
our scheduled stop
at Miaoli Station is unsafe.
To ensure the passengers' safety,
this train is expected to stop
at the next station.
Thank you for your cooperation.
What's the situation now?
When are we stopping?
Due to the station's uncertainty,
we will stop at the next station.
Please return to your seats.
There was a bomb in the previous carriage.
The train doesn't stop…
The train ahead of us didn't stop either.
-Is there something wrong?
-Yeah.
If we keep it like this,
aren't we getting closer to the bomb?
We're getting closer to the bomb.
Is that right?
It's under investigation.
We're not sure if there's a bomb.
-There's no use talking to you.
-It's unconfirmed that…
-Also…
-The info you received might be wrong.
I'll find out.
Now you want to go find out.
Why don't you just ask the conductor
to stop the train?
You're obstructing the police
from performing their official duties!
Everyone, sit down first.
I will notify you
as soon as I know something.
Please cooperate with me.
Everyone, please return to your seats.
Sorry for the delay.
Passengers, please return to your seats.
Please stay calm.
We'll stop at the next station.
Ma'am.
Do you want some water?
Were you one of the family members
at the memorial service?
I saw you on stage, right?
Yes.
You're so calm.
Aren't you nervous?
Being nervous won't help.
Actually,
my mom wasn't killed
in the bombing a few years ago.
She was caught in the crowd
and trampled to death.
Ma'am, listen.
Stay away from crowds.
It's safer that way.
Okay.
Same as before. You're my hands.
Don't be nervous.
Help me check around the suitcase first.
Are there any strange objects?
There's a wire connected to the suitcase.
It could be a tripwire.
What does that mean?
It's a movement-sensitive device.
Simply put, it's like pulling out a plug.
If the plug is pulled out,
the power will be off.
But if the tripwire is unplugged,
it will trigger an explosion.
This can usually be resolved
by cutting it.
Then there will be no power
when the suitcase is moved.
But this one might be a wire.
If you cut it off, it will explode.
So what should I do?
Try to open the suitcase.
See where the wire is connected to.
Don't be nervous.
Just follow my instructions.
Everything will be fine.
This tripwire is very long.
Just move within its range.
It won't trigger the device.
Can you cut the lock on the suitcase?
Okay. Then pull the zipper down.
Gently pull it to the bottom.
Okay, stop.
Open the suitcase slowly.
Ammonium nitrate?
It could be 10 kg.
The end of the wire is hidden.
Without an X-ray machine,
it's hard to tell whether it's
shear-sensitive or movement-sensitive.
The other train is ready.
Video chat can start anytime.
Go help A-Ren. Leave this to me.
Honey.
Are you going to Kaohsiung to see your dad
because you saw my news?
I don't care where you're going
or what you're doing.
But did you know
neither of our trains can stop?
If one of the trains stops,
your train will explode.
You didn't know that, right?
The police are next to me now.
They want you to hand over the detonator.
But I don't believe you have it.
Right, honey?
I was the one who planted the bomb.
I want to avenge Xiao Kai.
There's a high chance that
this is a tripwire.
So do I cut it off?
Could you throw it out of the train?
No, if I throw it out,
the impact will likely cause an explosion.
Honey.
It's A-Hui, right?
That's why you keep asking me to call him.
You're afraid something
might happen to him.
You want to take the blame for him, right?
Honey.
Yang Ting-Juan.
If you want to save your brother,
tell me where he is now.
Once the bomb explodes,
there will be no chance at all.
Where's A-Hui? Tell me now.
Cut off the timer's lead wire.
Check its surroundings.
Stop!
He called me and said he wanted to…
seek justice for Xiao Kai.
-He said…
-Get up.
The police are on the high-speed train.
-Get out of the way.
-I wanted to stop him.
If you don't move, I'll blow it up.
When I found him,
he scolded me
and asked why I got on the train.
He forced me to leave.
Then it exploded.
An unknown person has appeared.
He has burn scars on his face.
Where are Song Kang-Ren and Li Jie?
Get them over here.
His name is Yang Li-Hui.
He's the one who planted the bomb.
A-Hui, don't be impulsive.
-A-Hui!
-They can't hear you.
Answer me!
They're not on this train.
Who is he calling?
A-Hui, they told me--
If you come any closer, I'll detonate it.
Then we'll die together.
Is this what you want?
Many people have died.
I didn't know it would hurt others.
I didn't know.
I know you always think
Xiao Kai's death was your fault.
But we have never thought that way.
No one thinks that.
Xiao Kai…
If I hadn't carried him upstairs,
he wouldn't have died.
There are many children
as young as Xiao Kai on this train.
They're innocent.
They're innocent too.
They have families.
Would you just come home with me?
Go away.
Why are the murderers
who killed Xiao Kai safe and alive?
No matter what you do,
Xiao Kai will never come back.
You don't understand.
You don't.
The explosion should never have happened.
Xiao Kai would still be alive
if it hadn't happened.
-Come back--
-Go away.
All I want is for Song Kang-Ren
and Li Jie to tell the truth.
If they keep hiding…
Yang Li-Hui, can you hear me?
I'm Song Kang-Ren.
A-Ren.
A-Hui, are you crazy?
Your sister is on the train.
Throw it over.
Throw the phone over.
Song Kang-Ren.
A-Ren.
If I tell you the truth,
will you turn the bomb off?
I'll remove the detonator
and let everyone get off the train.
Okay.
I promise you.
What are you promising?
I'm the commander here.
How can you agree--
Huang Xin!
Huang Xin, what are you doing?
-Let me go!
-Destruction of evidence.
Do you know
the severity of the punishment?
You have no idea what you're doing.
Let me go!
What exactly happened
that you'd rather have
the other train explode than reveal it?
So what exactly does A-Hui mean?
Watch out!
Be careful!
Xiao Kai, wait.
-Xiao Kai, no.
-Make way.
Xiao Kai, wait.
Xiao Kai…
My nephew…
My nephew came with me.
My nephew came with me!
-Hold him.
-Xiao Kai!
Xiao Kai!
Move back!
Stop pushing!
-Stop pushing.
-Move back!
Move back!
NO WAY. MY DAD SEEMS TO BE ON THIS TRAIN
Shut up!
If I hear another sound, I'll detonate it.
PEOPLE ARE SO HOT-TEMPERED NOWADAYS
I THOUGHT IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
BUT SOMEONE CAUSED IT
The double bombing incidents
three years ago…
I defused the bomb in the movie theater.
But then…
The department store exploded.
ACCEPT, DECLINE
Captain Li Jie.
Long time no see.
And…
A-Ren, right?
I need a favor from you.
This image looks like
a department store nearby.
Attention all units--
There's no need to call.
It's too late to evacuate.
Captain Li, remember what you said?
-You're not a hero.
-We're not heroes.
-You can only choose to save the majority.
-I can only choose to save the majority.
Remember?
If you defuse the bomb in front of you,
it will detonate the bomb
in the department store.
Sacrifice a few to save the majority.
You are now one of the few.
Captain Li.
Just like when you chose to leave
the few passengers in the tunnel,
be brave and make a decision.
What the hell are you talking about?
I also put a bomb in the pipe room here.
You should know better than me
what will happen
if the gas pipe also explodes.
You can choose to sacrifice yourself
to save more lives.
Otherwise, a lot more people will die.
A-Ren.
Don't be affected by him.
-What if what he said is true?
-Impossible.
There are so many people
in the department store now.
What if we--
-If you don't defuse the bomb,
-What if…
both bombs will go off.
How will you face
your colleagues at the scene?
A-Ren.
We have families, A-Ren!
What's that sound?
What was that sound just now?
The bomber placed bombs in two places.
The other one was at the cinema next door.
Fortunately,
we have Song Kang-Ren,
the leader of the EOD Team.
He successfully defused
the bomb in the cinema
and prevented more casualties.
He's the real hero of this incident.
-Is it true?
-Can you tell us?
I'm no hero.
I…
In order to survive,
I caused the department store to explode.
I'm a murderer.
Song Kang-Ren is a murderer.
Sir.
My son…
He had no choice.
He's not a murderer.
Your son
killed our family members.
And you're still standing up for him?
Where's your conscience?
He…
-He…
-Please explain.
Why did my sister die three years ago?
Please explain.
You're his mom.
Of course you'd stand up for him.
Don't…
I gave you a chance,
but you're still lying.
I didn't lie. It's the truth.
I've already said it.
You don't want to tell the truth, do you?
Yang Li-Hui, listen to me.
You're being used.
I don't know who's manipulating you.
But he must be lying to you.
Lying to me?
You're the one lying to everyone.
Lai Bing-Cheng regretted it
before activating the bombs.
He informed Li Jie before the explosion.
You knew the department store
would explode if you defused the bomb.
A-Hui.
Do you want your sister to die with you?
Don't pretend you care about her, okay?
You go to nightclubs and drink every day.
Even when she wants you
to accompany her to see a psychiatrist,
you said you don't have time.
Do you think
you're the only sad person in the world?
And my sister and I aren't sad?
You don't even know that
Xiao Kai was killed by these police.
Yang Li-Hui.
Let your sister
and the passengers get off the train.
I'll go over there.
Let's resolve this face-to-face.
What I owe you…
I'll definitely repay you.
I'll wait for you.
Murderer.
You knew there was a bomb
in the department store.
So my son was killed by you, the police.
He's lying.
Don't be fooled by him.
I only knew there was a bomb
about to explode right in front of me.
I had to choose
to solve the problem at hand.
No one knew
if the bomber was telling the truth.
What if both bombs exploded?
It would kill everyone.
A-Hui was being fooled.
The bomber is playing tricks on him.
Because Lai Bing-Cheng…
Lai Bing-Cheng wasn't the bomber.
He was a victim with a criminal record.
He was a scapegoat.
He would never inform me in advance.
So the real bomber…
You never caught him at all.
Right?
The bomber has always been
in contact with Yang Li-Hui.
People in several carriages
began to panic,
requesting that the train stop.
We need reinforcements.
Copy.
You can't be seen at the moment.
I'll go.
I can save the passengers
on the other train.
But I need your help.
Everyone, calm down.
You came just in time.
There's a bomb on the train ahead of us.
You, the police,
are waiting for it to go off.
Please go back to your seats.
We won't put this train in any danger.
How can we trust you?
So many people have died.
It doesn't matter whether you believe it,
but please cooperate.
What do you mean by it doesn't matter?
Where's Song Kang-Ren?
Is he hiding?
Is he planning to kill us now?
Don't make things difficult for him.
He's trying to save people.
Saving people?
Whatever.
Did he save my wife?
I'm telling you. Your son is alive today
because he's selfish.
Your son should be the one who died.
-Not my wife!
-You should blame the bomber.
So what?
You and your son are murderers.
What are you doing?
-What are you doing?
-Huang Xin.
Don't touch my mom.
It has nothing to do with her!
I'm warning you.
Don't make me do it.
He's handling it.
-Stop the train!
-Don't make it hard for him!
It will explode once I press it!
If our train stops,
the other train will explode.
Hundreds of people will die.
Do you still want to stop?
Tell me.
Tell me!
Ma'am.
You took an elderly person hostage.
How will you justify yourself?
Mom.
Do you want to be the murderers?
When both trains start to slow down,
I'll jump over to the other train
to deal with the bomb.
You'll jump?
No. How are you going to jump?
What if the train explodes?
No.
If I get on that train,
I can save the passengers.
No.
Don't.
Huang Xin.
Huang Xin, stop him.
Isn't there a train conductor? Call them.
Aren't you the police?
Shouldn't there be
security personnel on board? Let--
I can't let any more people die
because of me.
The incident three years ago…
I can't let it happen again.
I'm sorry.
I've made up my mind.
What about our say?
It's not just me. What about your wife?
Huang Xin, you can decide too.
Tell him.
Stop him. Hurry and think of a way.
You can stop him.
Don't let him go.
Mom, don't worry.
I'll come back safely.
If he doesn't go,
he'll be haunted for the rest of his life.
How can I trust you now?
These two trains…
I'm the only one who can handle the bomb.
I need you to calculate.
If neither trains stop, I can jump over.
Let people on the train escape safely.
What's the speed
so the countdown doesn't get to zero?
Are you crazy?
You have to save lives,
not commit suicide.
If the train stops, it will explode.
I have no other choice.
Help me get onto that train.
We'll make up
for our past mistakes together
and save everyone.
25 MINUTES
Southbound Train 289 is
slowing down to 150.
It will slow down to 30 in 6 minutes.
Open the door and evacuate all passengers.
Yes, the minimum speed of Train 289
can only be reduced to 30.
Any slower
and it will be too late to speed up.
So I only have two minutes
to evacuate all passengers.
But the EOD Team won't arrive in time.
Yes, this is the only solution
we have so far.
The minimum speed of our train
is maintained at 90 km/h.
If it's reduced further, it'll affect
the other train's evacuation time.
And there will only be one chance
for these two trains to meet.
We must use the switch at the station
to allow both trains
to run parallel with each other.
Wait until you get on the other train
to maintain a safe distance
between the trains.
We will accelerate
to a maximum speed of 300 km/h.
The train you're on
will maintain a speed of 175 km/h.
Once you get on the train,
you only have 12 minutes.
This train will open the left door
in three minutes.
Passengers are asked to evacuate
in an orderly manner.
Please avoid pushing.
Please avoid pushing each other.
I'll follow up later.
You go ahead first.
I'll be there later.
Train 289 will slow down to 30 km/h.
It will arrive
at the non-platform area near Chiayi.
Evacuation will be done
on the one-sided safety trail.
The estimated evacuation time
is two minutes.
In one and a half minutes,
the two trains will meet.
I'm sorry.
About three years ago…
I didn't tell you--
Let's talk after we get off the train.
Once it's over,
let's pick a place
for our honeymoon together.
You must come back.
I'll get off the train
after the mission is completed.
What? Do you want me to jump back in?
Don't joke with me. I'm serious.
I'll be fine.
Wait for me.
Our train has passed the axle switch.
Speed up and catch up to Train 289.
The doors of Train 289 will open shortly.
Passengers are requested
to evacuate immediately.
Do not bring any luggage or large items.
Please remain calm.
Please give priority to the elderly
and children to get off first.
PRAY FOR PEACE
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS THEY CAN
GET OFF THE TRAIN IF THEY STAY CALM?
PRAY FOR PEACE
GOD BLESS EVERYONE, A MAN-MADE TRAGEDY
Did you see that train?
They're all jumping off the train.
Didn't they say we'd get off the train?
-You-Ning!
-Mom!
You-Ning!
Are you okay?
What are you hesitating about?
The two-minute evacuation time
is almost up.
Speed up now. Quickly.
Catching up to Train 289 in front.
Ting-Juan.
-Stop.
-Give it to me!
Stop! Get off the train!
Trains 115 and 289
are starting to run parallel.
Get ready.
Hey.
I still want to see my wife again.
Hello?
I'm on the train.
A-Ren got on the train.
A-Ren, the control center just reported.
Some passengers on your train
haven't evacuated.
If anything happens,
report back immediately.
Be careful.
Where's my wife?
Did Ting-Juan get off the train?
She's still on the train.
I'll call you back.
Thank you.
I did it for my brother
and the others on the train.
LIU KAI
Where's Yang Li-Hui?
I tried to grab the detonator but failed.
I don't know where he is.
13 MINUTES
12 MINUTES
I don't want to die.
Please. Defuse the bomb, okay?
Please.
It's safer for you to stay here.
I'll handle the bomb.
DON'T STOP THE TRAIN
OR IT WILL BE LIKE THREE YEARS AGO
INTERESTING CHOICE, BUT YOU CHOSE WRONG
Dear passengers,
this train has moved further
from Train 289.
The explosive is being handled.
While waiting
for the crisis to be resolved,
this train will stop nearby.
Thank you again for your cooperation.
Let's go!
Hurry.
Excuse me. Hurry up!
Excuse me.
-Song Kang-Ren.
-Excuse me!
After the bomb is defused,
everyone will forget
the wrong things he had done.
Then he will become a true hero.
You and I
are victims who lost their loved ones
in the department store.
No one will care about us.
Stop him.
Your sister can live.
Everyone will survive
except those who deserve to die.
Let me out!
Conductor, open both sides of the doors.
Inform passengers
to evacuate to both sides.
Hurry up!
All passengers, please move
to the front or the rear carriages.
-What are you doing?
-I'll deal with the explosives.
Please calm the passengers down.
Huang Xin, remember to find
the most appropriate time
to tell A-Ren.
This train has a bomb too.
You know what I'm talking about.
Are you crazy? Don't forget that
your sister is still on the train!
Once you're dead, I'll turn the bomb off!
Who…
Who asked you to plant the bomb?
-Who asked you to plant the bomb?
-He's the one who saved me!
He lied to you!
Lai Bing-Cheng…
He's not a bomber. He's just a scapegoat!
Captain Li.
We finally met.
Xiao Kai.
Did you see that?
They say they'd sacrifice a few
to save the majority.
I proved that they're all liars.
If it weren't because of them,
you'd be performing around the world
instead of dying in the tunnel.
I want them to pay the price
for their choice.
At that time, my wife
was stuck in a carriage inside the tunnel.
She was on the phone,
crying and telling me she was dying.
In the end,
you instructed them
to abandon saving the entire carriage
simply because there were so few of them.
Why aren't you the one paying the price?
Why?
Why did your decision change
when you were one of the few?
Why…
How can you decide
who should be sacrificed?
Why?
Save…
Save my sister.
Why?
The detonator is fake.
It's not connected to power at all.
Yang Li-Hui was deceived.
Where's my brother?
I…
I will keep everyone alive.
That's Yang Li-Hui's last wish.
I'm sorry.
I found this.
Has anyone seen the captain?
Please respond.
Mom.
I'll go find the captain.
I'll be right back.
8 MINUTES
7 MINUTES
A-Ren.
Everything should be fine over here.
Give me a few more minutes.
I'll defuse it.
What's wrong with you?
I'm fine.
A-Ren.
What's wrong?
This train
has a bomb too.
It's just like three years ago.
6 MINUTES
5 MINUTES
Follow the protocol first and then we--
There must be a way.
We can't go through that again.
Where's Li Jie?
Ask him to check the bomb.
He's dead.
The bomber is on this train.
PRIVATE NUMBER
SPEAKER
I was expecting the person
who answered this call
to be Song Kang-Ren.
Who are you exactly?
I thought he would choose
to save you and his mom
and blow up the other train.
I didn't expect him to actually jump over.
Look for passengers
who are currently talking on the phone.
The mastermind is on the train.
Put it on speaker for me.
Why are you doing this?
Your good commander
killed my wife.
You should have helped me
kill Li Jie three years ago.
In the end…
Hurry up!
-Get all the staff here. Hurry up!
-My nephew is inside.
-Xiao Kai!
-Hurry and stand.
Look after that patient.
-Xiao Kai!
-Come here.
Xiao Kai!
You and I
are victims who lost their loved ones
in the department store.
No one will care about us.
Everyone will survive
except those who deserve to die.
Li Jie is dead.
You got your revenge. Let others go!
All police deserve to die.
One got promoted.
LI JIE AWARDED FOR HIS SERVICE
DETECTIVE
One became a hero.
He's the real hero of this incident.
How could you choose
to save your girlfriend,
but be selfish
and kill other people
in the department store?
And why do we have to witness
our loved ones die?
What does that mean?
Don't listen to him. He's lying to you.
All right.
Do you know how it feels
when the person you love the most dies?
You will never know.
LI JIE, SONG KANG-REN
You're still together now.
You can live together
and prepare for a wedding together.
But let me tell you.
From now on,
one of you
will feel my pain
for the rest of your life.
The bomb has a weight sensor.
Don't even think
about throwing it out of the train.
The red wire in front of you
is the timer's lead.
It's also the detonating line
of the other train.
No matter which one you defuse,
the other train will explode.
It's just like three years ago.
Pick one.
We're arriving at the station.
If the train doesn't slow down
within five minutes,
it will run into the terminal.
Huang Xin.
I need you to calm down.
You can't ask me to defuse it.
There's no other way.
Listen to me.
There are hundreds
of passengers on your train.
You must defuse that bomb
to save everyone.
You're asking me to do this to…
If you don't do it now,
it will be too late.
How is he doing over there?
Has the bomb been defused?
It's like last time.
We can only choose one of the two.
What about Ting-Juan and A-Hui?
I'm sorry.
It can't be like three years ago--
No, you should think
of a solution quickly!
Don't listen to the bomber, all right?
I can…
I can only bet this is a tripwire.
I'll cut it off,
take the luggage to the last carriage,
then evacuate all the passengers
to the first carriage.
Huang Xin.
Wait for me to reach the first carriage.
Then you can cut the wire.
Do you have enough time to run?
This is the only solution.
Then we can survive.
It's better than letting it explode
in the middle carriage.
We could still save
the first few carriages.
Tripwire deactivated.
Young man.
Thank you for helping me.
I don't want to see anyone
end up like my mom.
I didn't protect her well that time.
I'm thinking
if I were your son
and if it were my mom
who needed protection,
I might make the same decision.
Dear passengers,
we discovered possible explosives
on this train.
We are currently
in the process of defusing them.
Please wait patiently.
The train will stop at the final station.
I have confidence in my son.
I believe he will be able
to resolve the crisis this time
and keep everyone safe.
Can we survive this?
Has the bomb been defused?
Evacuate to Carriage 1.
That's the safest place now.
It's all right.
Let's go.
A-Ren, how much time is left now?
-170.
About three minutes.
There's still enough time.
I still have time to run back
to the first carriage.
A-Ren.
A-Ren, what's wrong with you? A-Ren!
I'll call you after I secure the bomb.
Thanks.
If you want to live,
run to the first carriage.
CANCELED
WIFE
Honey.
Once this is over,
how about we go see Xiao Kai together?
If…
If I don't survive,
remember to visit Xiao Kai often.
He's been waiting
for his dad for three years.
Are you back in the first carriage?
I might
not make it.
What are you talking about?
Why don't you run?
The train will start to slow down.
Otherwise, we will crash directly
into Kaohsiung Station.
Song Kang-Ren, I'm warning you.
If you don't run, I won't defuse the bomb!
Did you hear me?
I can't run anymore.
I'm sorry.
I've made you and Mom
so worried these past three years.
I couldn't save more people last time.
But this time,
there's still a chance.
My love.
I beg you.
Help me finish
my final mission.
I…
No matter where we are,
I will always
be with you.
A-Ren.
We have families, A-Ren!
Huang Xin.
Huang Xin, where are you now? Report.
Report.
I'm on patrol. No suspect found
on the second and third floors.
Captain, do you want to retreat
from this location?
Captain?
Captain, do you copy?
I couldn't save everyone.
I didn't save everyone.
At least you're still alive.
At least you're alive.
Operations control center reporting.
Five rear carriages of Train 289
were destroyed due to the explosion.
The first three carriages remained intact.
We're still confirming the status
of the remaining passengers on the train.
The bomber must still be on the train.
We can definitely find him.
When I found Li Jie's body,
he was holding this.
Huang Xin.
Mom.
A-Ren.
A-Ren…
This train is arriving
at the final destination, Kaohsiung.
Finally.
We can go home.
What's going on?
What now?
Don't worry, everyone.
There's currently a power shortage
due to the explosion on Train 289.
We will arrive safely
at our final destination, Kaohsiung.
Please remain calm, everyone.
Why?
Are you happy killing so many people?
You killed my son!
Just kill me.
I'd rather die.
I've long
wanted to see her anyway.
Kill me.
Kill me now.
THE URN OF THE LATE MR. YANG LI-HUI
THE URN OF THE LATE MR. LIU SIH-KAI
I know, Mom.
Is there anything else you want?
The flight is at two o'clock.
Okay, bye.
After seeing the doctor, I don't need
to sit in a wheelchair anymore.
Look.
Look, I can really move my leg.
Don't be silly, okay?
-It really doesn't hurt.
-Put it down.
-I told you not to do it.
-This is very inconvenient. Look at me.
Hey!
-What?
-I'm holding you tight.
What do you mean?
Are you calling the cops on me?
PICK A PLACE FOR OUR HONEYMOON.
WE CAN DO THE REST LATER!
IT'S SO HARD TO CHOOSE. I LIKE THEM ALL.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
Let's get ready for the New Year.
Hold the hand of the person beside you.
Now grab your phone
and start the countdown.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five,
four, three, two, one!
0 MINUTE
1 MINUTE